README.md, before:

# FMPocket

**FMPocket** 💶 is a lightweight 🪶 universal client for the Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) API 🌎, built with Typescript support and works seamlessly across Node, Deno, and Bun. Gets your financial data perfectly formatted ⭐️.

[Report a bug](https://github.com/l0uisgrange/fmpocket/issues) — [Forum](https://github.com/l0uisgrange/fmpocket/discussions/categories/q-a)

## Quick usage

```typescript
import { FMPocket } from 'fmpocket';

const fmpocket = FMPocket({ key: process.env.API_KEY });

let [data] = fmpocket.quote('AAPL');
console.log(data.volume);
```

## Options

The constructor supports the following options.

| Option     | Description                      | Default                              |
| :--------- | :------------------------------- | :----------------------------------- |
| `key`      | Your API secret key              | _None_ (required)                    |
| `baseUrl`  | The base endpoint URL            | `https://financialmodelingprep.com/` |
| `version`  | The API version                  | `stable`                             |
| `validate` | Validates JSON and coerces data  | `true`                               |
| `debug`    | Logs the URL before the request  | `false`                              |
| `timeout`  | Requests timeout in milliseconds | `null`                               |

## Supported endpoints

This is the list of currently supported endpoints. If yours is not in this list, please [open a request](https://github.com/l0uisgrange/fmpocket/issues).

| Method                                          | API endpoint                   |
| :---------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------- |
| `quote(symbol)`                                 | `/quote`                       |
| `shortQuote(symbol)`                            | `/quote-short`                 |
| `batchQuote(symbols)`                           | `/batch-quote`                 |
| `batchShortQuote(symbols)`                      | `/batch-quote-short`           |
| `lightChart({ symbol, from, to })`              | `/historical-price-eod/light`  |
| `fullChart({ symbol, from, to })`               | `/historical-price-eod/full`   |
| `intradayChart({ symbol, from, to, interval })` | `/historical-chart/{INTERVAL}` |
| `search({ query, by, exchange, limit })`        | `/search-{BY}`                 |
| `companyProfile({ cik, symbol })`               | `/profile`                     |
| `employeeCount(symbol)`                         | `/employee-count`              |
| `employeeHistoryCount(symbol)`                  | `/historical-employee-count`   |
| `marketCap(symbol)`                             | `/market-capitalization`       |
| `batchMarketCap(symbols)`                       | `/market-capitalization-batch` |
| `listStock()`                                   | `/index-list`                  |
| `listCrypto()`                                  | `/cryptocurrency-list`         |
| `listForex()`                                   | `/forex-list`                  |
| `listCommodities()`                             | `/commodities-list`            |
| `marketHours(exchange)`                         | `/exchange-market-hours`       |
| `holidays(exchange)`                            | `/holidays-by-exchange`        |
| `keyMetrics({ symbol, limit, period })`         | `/key-metrics`                 |
| `ratios({ symbol, limit, period })`             | `/ratios`                      |

Commit message:

Enhance README with installation and options info
Added installation instructions and updated option description.

README.md, after:

# FMPocket

**FMPocket** 💶 is a lightweight 🪶 universal client for the Financial Modeling Prep (FMP) API 🌎, built with Typescript support and works seamlessly across Node, Deno, and Bun. Gets your financial data perfectly formatted ⭐️.

[Report a bug](https://github.com/l0uisgrange/fmpocket/issues) — [Forum](https://github.com/l0uisgrange/fmpocket/discussions/categories/q-a)

## Installation

```sh
npm install fmpocket
# or
pnpm install fmpocket
# or
deno install npm:fmpocket
# ...
```

## Quick usage

```typescript
import { FMPocket } from 'fmpocket';

const fmpocket = FMPocket({ key: process.env.API_KEY });

let [data] = fmpocket.quote('AAPL');
console.log(data.volume);
```

## Options

The `FMPocket` constructor supports the following options.

| Option     | Description                      | Default                              |
| :--------- | :------------------------------- | :----------------------------------- |
| `key`      | Your API secret key              | _None_ (required)                    |
| `baseUrl`  | The base endpoint URL            | `https://financialmodelingprep.com/` |
| `version`  | The API version                  | `stable`                             |
| `validate` | Validates JSON and coerces data  | `true`                               |
| `debug`    | Logs the URL before the request  | `false`                              |
| `timeout`  | Requests timeout in milliseconds | `null`                               |

## Supported endpoints

This is the list of currently supported endpoints. If yours is not in this list, please [open a request](https://github.com/l0uisgrange/fmpocket/issues).

| Method                                          | API endpoint                   |
| :---------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------- |
| `quote(symbol)`                                 | `/quote`                       |
| `shortQuote(symbol)`                            | `/quote-short`                 |
| `batchQuote(symbols)`                           | `/batch-quote`                 |
| `batchShortQuote(symbols)`                      | `/batch-quote-short`           |
| `lightChart({ symbol, from, to })`              | `/historical-price-eod/light`  |
| `fullChart({ symbol, from, to })`               | `/historical-price-eod/full`   |
| `intradayChart({ symbol, from, to, interval })` | `/historical-chart/{INTERVAL}` |
| `search({ query, by, exchange, limit })`        | `/search-{BY}`                 |
| `companyProfile({ cik, symbol })`               | `/profile`                     |
| `employeeCount(symbol)`                         | `/employee-count`              |
| `employeeHistoryCount(symbol)`                  | `/historical-employee-count`   |
| `marketCap(symbol)`                             | `/market-capitalization`       |
| `batchMarketCap(symbols)`                       | `/market-capitalization-batch` |
| `listStock()`                                   | `/index-list`                  |
| `listCrypto()`                                  | `/cryptocurrency-list`         |
| `listForex()`                                   | `/forex-list`                  |
| `listCommodities()`                             | `/commodities-list`            |
| `marketHours(exchange)`                         | `/exchange-market-hours`       |
| `holidays(exchange)`                            | `/holidays-by-exchange`        |
| `keyMetrics({ symbol, limit, period })`         | `/key-metrics`                 |
| `ratios({ symbol, limit, period })`             | `/ratios`                      |
